docs(add-ons): Minor updates to creating-add-ons.md (#8347)
ddev/ddev: docs/content/users/extend/creating-add-ons.md

- **`project_files`**: Files copied to the project's `.ddev` directory
- **`global_files`**: Files copied to the [global configuration directory](../usage/architecture.md#global-files)
- **`post_install_actions`**: Scripts executed after files are copied

> - **`removal_actions`**: Scripts executed when removing the add-on. Use these to clean up files that don't carry `#ddev-generated` (e.g. files placed outside `.ddev/`, or files the user may have modified).

Reviewer: 💡 TIL!

## Advanced Features

### Customizing `ddev describe` Output

Add-ons can customize what appears in `ddev describe` using `x-ddev.describe-*` extensions in your docker-compose file (requires DDEV v1.24.10+):

```yaml
services:
  myservice:
    image: myimage:latest
    x-ddev:
      describe-url: "https://${DDEV_HOSTNAME}:8080"
      describe-info: "API key: ${MYSERVICE_API_KEY}"
```

See [Customizing ddev describe output](custom-docker-services.md#customizing-ddev-describe-output) for full details.

### Minor Docker Image Customization

> For small tweaks to an existing image, use `dockerfile_inline` instead of maintaining a separate `Dockerfile`:

Reviewer: 💡

## Special Directives

### The `#ddev-generated` Comment

Add `#ddev-generated` as a comment in any file your add-on creates or copies into a project. DDEV uses this marker to:

> 1. **Track managed files** — on a subsequent `ddev add-on get`, DDEV replaces the file automatically if it hasn't been modified by the user

Reviewer: ❓ Not clear: what happens if the user modified it but didn't remove `#ddev-generated`?

Author: If the user changes a file anywhere in DDEV ecosystem and doesn't remove `#ddev-generated` it typically gets replace on `ddev start` or `ddev add-on get`

```suggestion
1. **Track managed files** — on a subsequent `ddev add-on get`, DDEV replaces the file automatically if it contains `#ddev-generated`, even if the user has modified it. Files with `#ddev-generated` that are listed in the `project_files` or `global_files` will be automatically removed on `ddev add-on remove` if the `#ddev-generated` is found in the file.
```

- **Add-on Template**: [ddev-addon-template](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-addon-template)
- **Official Add-ons**: Browse examples at [addons.ddev.com](https://addons.ddev.com/)
- **Redis Add-on**: [ddev-redis](https://github.com/ddev/ddev-redis) - Example of add-on with `removal_actions` and namespaced scripts directory

## Getting Help

- **Maintenance Guide**: [DDEV Add-on Maintenance Guide](https://ddev.com/blog/ddev-add-on-maintenance-guide/)
- **DDEV Discord**: Join [DDEV Discord](https://ddev.com/s/discord) for development support
- **GitHub Issues**: Use [DDEV Issues](https://github.com/ddev/ddev/issues) for problems and questions

> - **Add-on Trainings**: [DDEV Add-ons: Creating, maintaining, testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TmXqQe48iqE) (YouTube) and [Advanced Add-On Techniques](https://ddev.com/blog/advanced-add-on-contributor-training/)

Author: This updates the training video to last week's.

```suggestion
- **Add-on Trainings**: [DDEV Add-ons: Creating, maintaining, testing](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OtmVJtwsHMg) (YouTube) and [Advanced Add-On Techniques](https://ddev.com/blog/advanced-add-on-contributor-training/)
```
